Congratulations on finishing
Building Data Science Teams.
Good work.
So I wanted to let you know that there
are a couple of other resources for
you to check out, if you're interested.
So first, there's a couple of great books.
One is Data Driven,
Creating a Data Culture and
the second is Building Data Science Teams.
Both of these books talk a little bit
about how do you embed data science in
an organization, how do you build up
the team, what are some success stories,
what are things that work,
what are things that don't work?
So if you liked what you've
learned in this class and
you want to learn a little bit more,
there's a couple of great places to go.
I'd also encourage you to check out the
Johns Hopkins Data Science Specialization.
So this is focused on, actually,
how do you do data science?
How do you do the data
analysis part of data science?
It's a sequence of nine classes.
It's a great place to go
learn a little bit more,
especially if you're going to be
managing a team of data scientists.
It'll really help you to
learn what are they doing?
What are all the terms they're using and
so forth?
And finally,
I'd encourage you to check out the rest of
the John Hopkins Executive
Data Science Specialization.
We have some other great courses on how
do you manage the data science process?
What is data science?
What are the buzz words?
And I think it will help you out a lot.
So anyway, it was great having
you in class and good luck.